[Music]
get ourselves a flavor and how to
longish here i
shiftings you remain fastened to the
weapons direction a little bit and our
next presenters are rare breeds within
the Kennedy assassination community
immature bona fide certified experts and
professionals in the scientific field
who are digging on the case name
amateurs and I don't want even a
denigration way I've gone one way and
analyze the evidence and such like that
but we often don't get the same kind of
and I haven't snow as an experienced the
same kind of test shed in the real world
unless there are also professionals to
kind of sign on up to the same arguments
and in this case we have two people who
are increasingly starting to work
together and their focus is on the
headshot the teepee
first of all chambers and then Sheriff
Tiaras grow familiar with all is a
scientist who works with NASA and naval
research and his focuses on Dec ancient
physics and his expertise to can fix at
he wrote a book the physics of the head
shot or the edge shot that goes quite a
depth on his own analysis of the
Zapruder film of the physics and timing
of the shots and I know he even citizens
book could come out he's responded and
revive the series of Sonic's death
and he's going to share with you
additional information and additional
things like he has enough headshot so
without further ado
well headshot was the most provocative
title I could possibly think um
and Laurel told me the original plane
celebrated took the cover off us through
the sea in a moment here the auto
business could not improve on this when
they try hard I thought I want to call
just because it really I think is the
key to resolving what happened you can
figure out the physics or science of
that my back you have a handle or the
treat you do so many so many different
versions the only way I really did you
science headshot is not a law book and
the reason is the truths can almost
always patrol 60 I want to trick you for
you were bamboozled ever right talent
agency like canto Vincent Bugliosi which
do is actually the motivation for this
book I've got a copy of this for
confirmed via netting they're always
interested in this animation this book
about you talented a explore if you take
into account footnotes from the outside
but I'm elated guy I don't want to be
2,000 pages happy so I jump to the
section and talked about the science
what is going more it actually happens
when shots hit and so forth and I've got
some very interesting things is book I
want to put them out for you one called
called enzymes
first and small objects cannot push
large objects because of your too small
now it's not the size of objects is that
so important it has to do with the
momentum how fast is a good so when the
asteroid came and wiped out and BIOS are
actually a very small thing to be in the
earth but nevertheless is Kingdom with
such velocity today in what Delta Mars
here there's a show on Ceres are called
bad science and bad universe and then
universe in stimulation is where they
have a giant spherical asteroid similar
that the actor is huge they have a
silicate very heavy
there was a pea sized objects in the
asteroid named send out a three-stage
guns shoes that are about three to
hundreds of seconds then you can see a
line because it rocks it backers would
take a possibilities my finger movement
died and the whole thing is floppy point
that is a momentum so just Universal
about that and the next thing I didn't
know was that if you're not super winter
that soft tissue can direct the path of
a bullet through high angle reflections
now I have no dents until I met Mr
Gruber Brooke and gunner Jen and there
was it's very hard to push the child in
a swing because you have to push it
against the full force of gravity I also
did not know that I'm going to this
brush and I go to the person's pants I
get with my daughter that easily I can
very reasonably the pressure switch and
reason to that is the intention the rope
swings are actually helping the child
and balancing the force of gravity so
intention the Rogues actually completely
counter force the grounders to the child
resistor so all I am going to use push
our thought waves and very easy and I
can understand in this story when Apollo
page 48 disappear ation since I avoided
taking physics in hives
[Music]
that I thought out regards contractor it
is interested in tonics these years
coming out coming years he's based on
this book the atomic is she dying he was
max on ten highest only one who killed
nasty-ass money in the next two
including poverty really fantastic and
that he's powered around a guy who the
wooden taking physics class and I hope
them apocalypse and the coming down here
or what is not forward sent distance to
copy
I never backward trade up in good
science vacuum 62-degree during the top
of Kennedy's administration Christmas
time is a very famous durable property
synthesis trial whoops during the cosmic
we try to keep the freshman sophomore
classes there from elementary physics
and these were written two books very
very painful abominations on campus Carl
Sagan said by others better focus on a
terrific Elena but if they're
intelligent very principled person
momentum conservation that means that
the momentum of the system that is the
mass times velocity of the initial
system will call that n V Savin bullets
very long as equal to final one would
encounter something is going to have to
remove that mask it's a lot of that mass
with if you multiply the length of mass
times the velocity the momentum will be
conserved doesn't change your size
forces act the matter of judicial system
has the same is lamentable silences and
now because of the anterior take into
account the fact that there's a lot of
things it's not just blue and versus Big
M is Ruby and Vivian coriander - I guess
indecorous beaver momentum is usually
represented by a vector which is
arrow and the heretic uses every life
barrel represents the amount of
employment even magnitude but they're
also arrow arrow pointing there has a
direction she'd understand momentum is a
vector which means it has a magnitude
and the direction this was a key
resolving to pretend and the credit
activation swinging again testing the
ropes counter before about or rather
some just act accelerate the mass solar
report for actually moving to
topological and just pushing hands and
then worry about grabbing the other ball
rolling here is common energy
conservation in this case remain the
problem energies between the scaling are
the kinetic energy is given by one-half
MV squared square robbery and be the
height of the eyes of given a potential
energy invested by M th g is the
acceleration of gravity levels for
centers like a patient's alive an object
other only by the weather went into the
roller Coster not too bad spell you know
basic algebra some very simple
regression physics this is which in in
63 up Robinson really didn't Wesley was
because physics was part of the modern
customer time 50 years ago so if you was
right then it's really right today is
all world depends on physics constantly
GPS devices cell phone cable coverage
and fiber optics
television computers everything depends
on physics thought that would work
you still haven't figured out the right
positive solvation alarm mechanics light
propagation my mascot alright first
thing i to look at my journal
organism and what does it make including
one that although findings they drop or
mashanda john connally very competitive
in kids simple who's Pendred president
also cross country problems however not
everybody agree with to governor copy
himself opulent to my father in my
second ones your other issues involved
so some trees members didn't didn't
quite a directory nevertheless they say
that's okay we all think that on the
basis of the evidence out of world actor
well what's the sad thing of this you
wouldn't put in the film critical Osmos
is framed by the three shots concerning
three cases on the school prosper and if
you have the time unison burner covers
that you expect well understand record
for assassination and you match up the
timing of the shots in that film it's
very difficult to get off word with
three shots of the time things also a
fourth shot causing the enormous amount
of problem for admission for a number of
perspectives and when they have been
unrunnable is appreciated the street and
engine innocent I think James table that
meant that one go at the top to account
for seven words count for Kennedy's
program is back economy's wounds brought
back whispers and inlay
that's a lot of words for one book but
the alternative is two bullets and you
know the final shot is getting this has
poor shots poor shot is update problem
workshops these multiple users of this
conclusion makes no sense if there's a
four shot and yet they're said I'll grab
the Singapore theorem so what they're
just got to be true for this whole so
when I was commissioned up basically
they publish the interment in these
paragraphs the statement below is true
the statement above this home anytime
you see a logical conundrum or a lot of
linkages
you know your things hope and you're
being deliberately fooled by some on the
government's otherwise it disciplines
this is the hallmark of this
two mutually exclusive mutually
contradictory and that all you have to
read and the entire 2065 is the work
list - no you're being fooled and to be
deliberately that's only a create
visible instances I'm gonna prove to you
that struggle was talking about
everybody raise your hand and tell me if
you've read a conspiracy culture
everybody and cruises now raise your
hand if you've read the work I'm going
to give you a breath the entire work
through the say see you have it you
haven't looked at both sides I can tell
you no matter how thin you make your
pancakes
they always exercise well that's how
quick that with the one person or
article conclusion and you notice you
are so let's do one alright live
vacation sale what first problem I can
how to do out your purpose the mission
purpose was to investigate what happened
to President Kennedy's but the
underlying reason why people enjoyed the
Commission is they were to prevent World
War three or the words Americans are in
funding in that Republic the president
can be shot out the paranoid and whereas
panic
especially the investigation turned back
to her own powers back so they try to
save the marriage
Kasey Johnson's quizzes people gone why
it's out everyone torrential jobs to
tell them well first through the strikes
going to kill 14 people including
women's president that serious al Troy
so immediately right off became the cake
they've got a different reason between
the Commission did it back so that's
wonderful and interesting said if those
two gold laughs your cliche but it
becomes a conflict between them one of
those goals would come time
the second problem there's no diversity
background for more efficient everybody
to avoid that means ever be stuck in one
period the Lord will be paranoid and
operated in this case was the two things
one from body of private basis evidence
I mean it supersedes all arguments
Reverend Bob says that's what happened
I'm going to bore everything out right
over there that's the first greater the
second was science doesn't matter
because a we don't understand but big
the truth is what you can prove future
and I could a scientist up and he said
my god is conservation momentum in this
case homicide this property my parents
they know it's Jenny works right is it
important to the check and those two
guys will watch the children from the
tree you can give you the material
people with you too dot figure out how
to get on three they get digest that
information so what they do they take
our if juries work getting at the truth
NASA will be using them to the
competition okay they don't all right
let's probably had is they base their
model deducted a little bit and the last
problem even more serious is a
positivity Gerald Ford
altought altered the autopsy because we
entered scoring the back to order net
that's in a way that the single walk
through it it's been the back of his
chest
this is kind of getting in the next
commanders take all these come on in a
1997 assassination you more column at
the event to a while I remember what you
said for crackers like energy into
absolutely wrong answer one is fish
tomorrow corrupted for ultimately you
will every time you get the wrong answer
across that's the end the worthless is
that how to sign this is the whole day
always discuss Turkish border in the
clutter the nonsense
now that let's put it aside that we
would do that for the first thing that
this world understand is how to science
go back whether things going back the
worst example possibly is called fill
them and many people want to go to the
built in here this is the major size of
the coast
a century developing Boston Charles
Lawson music avenue dermatologist he
nights United seeds of gratitude then
they possibly the most egregious of
which was built in so-called human years
old and it's all over there right now
who'd ever file down the jaw bones as
you could see removed up in Holland
state a really good job and it probably
had help from this guy jump student a
Pierre couch are you sure that it was
very and very very things and still gold
takes the China and innocence urgently
and all the sudden people believed it
associate students couldn't slow the
prank
he couldn't have anybody working to
resolve newspapers and blood afterwards
for the critters to protect file and
Saturday or something doesn't request
this was so into this the entire cyber
community and asked last week community
largely ran with regret we're so happy a
possible bridge that looked at some kind
of a particularly compared there are
great hospitals at the end of our man in
Germany but the Germans and the French
have been stuff that anything was did
not now have a file eleven people more
primitive anything to help add they were
embarrassed at folks incident in their
model of human evolution we think the
breaking off first and then reality job
competition so they fell through this
remarks occur when no real possible came
to life in the twenties and thirties by
Raymond dark time scroll beside the
communities hit start surprised he
states his powerful they didn't believe
darkened right head and times for which
was a real problem small brained modern
condition and it wasn't till years later
ignored and where these mountain came
with upper 40s there's so many fossils
in the clear that filled them in with an
outlier and the only way to get a sense
of all the data consolidated and here
till dynamic appears org and to just
throw that out clearly now it was until
1950 she was 40 years ago this they have
they started to do radiocarbon dating
and actually exactly original process
and they found then it all now stop
cognitive stains on very sophisticated
negative so we're in the day of our
beginnings that 100,000 years old to do
eight years only people first monetary
100 origins home these were not the
world authorities it was inside to go
back and find your death is old me
that's one way in which the second keep
thing isn't it
you can't ever in science through my eye
witness testimony apply second heaven
meaning for this reason because the
greatest scientists of the day looked
until that happened and market and
blessedness is a great pop this with
possible rosette stories themselves
everything we didn't have any Jewish the
best times a delta primes
so it's time said we're going to accept
that without the evidence without this
weapons never good enough you never get
it fixed
that would still be playing yesterday
but because science demands something
more physical evidence or are
reproducible experiment if you can
always feel that communities feel
religion is going to get very good our
second wave scientists and truth is to
fit models today not daily models this
one morning they did their data to a
model a lot of was awesome shot Kennedy
every piece data is going to go into
that model no matter how we have forces
will detention those matter was like you
later
but my god out of those authentic
created in come up wrong this Model T
didn't always go by the data models and
the wonderful example of mystery history
or science was given by Katherine type
of crime Tycho Brahe and lay the screws
and actually a person by the book a out
to publishers their weather back and say
there's too much type rely on campus go
away
the world in mind when she left I take a
problems very famous [ __ ] wealthy young
aristocrat who has over the island
dollars family bought this very
sophisticated instruments to marry
editor using the most sophisticated
naked eye measurements ever I'm giving
wild eggs like 1500 as beautiful
squizzle demon now this model pelvic
Kepler's young guy and his industry
Madhuri look at the perfect size of
grapes fear the cube prisons and things
the age of ISA the perfect rectangular
solid I just need him put them together
this model to model this host that time
only five times remember this was
working perfectly but he couldn't get it
to work out remove of these so impressed
take a ride in the body you fight
entries - women spend
well there were tougher Ewings data
whose deathbed
Brian increasing the dating said don't
let me abide in vain definitely kept
we're going to world wide variety
Keppler cakes price data and in traffic
until model remodels is perfect
Christmas Peters around that and it just
can't make things out what happened
we're going to borrow so you get a
pretty great as a couple these towards a
wet way off and you just know is
broadened in is too good Brian can't be
wrong to tweeze themselves become of the
right answer which is a list and that's
a boy oval shape with two per side so
then when it actually sons of one foot
sign so the sons we're going for all the
way here in a little close from the
other side this is the right now they
thought because he persisted if you get
this mother and I can do become
volunteers players accused later in plug
this and we invented calculus was huge
that he plugs in Kepler just the lintel
workers and five how the Emperor's force
law all balanced basically at fault on
the gear you can figure that exactly
with the lower inverse square bars
before you can answer the object
gravitation constant the inverse
distance between
that's the right one yes captain Keller
plenty of this is a huge major turning
point mr. Saunders someone or something
mathematically today in particular have
changed and turned everything from doing
that astrology to do a lot of science
and one guy took the time the victim
data to the models now what reason left
Kepler's see this was that in 1603 this
is the last supernova in this galaxy
we're so bright considering the datum
temperature supernova that history
realizes Greek idea these beautiful
perfectly competitive these crystalline
spheres will fall because the heavens
were super one click in its place for a
couple weeks and it goes out they
changed that led him to the next level
of the day and super no recombination
point how do you deal with events you
can't control you can do an experiencer
lab if you find a box of the things we
don't 12 legs supreme or earthquakes or
volcanic but you sort of say the
something so the web sizes get around
that is to use multiple independent
instrumented records so you don't look
at a month Oscar look at over the
several I see the super over 1031 and
dramas call up my friends numbered
around Observatory D books so why should
anybody got a flat iron from here every
time for keeps pulsing and it looks like
the supernovae places
hey by well I call it the Keck and why
they looking to ask you the same thing
as you know Stephanie why now I said to
catch that up online
chimera weather a hundred square meters
depth of our part exactly the same
places our viewers that is probably that
is astronomical and high a third toaster
reports come from over here in the
gathering specular the rated respect
the editions long stepper is very very
very problem that which is going to have
an exact same way each of these this is
the trip size issue to deal with
multiple events that happen period and
also happen over again from Victor's
toddler on control this is the program
you need upon Africa extra life science
everything alright first so look at what
happened in the medical office ops again
the body product based on inside clear
this quicker than all the descriptions
and surgeons job and we do things right
here to do trade geometry missile
recently when they're done on employed
the heads been altered person doctor say
when it comes off the gravity and box
with surges ahead in time the skull
really suits under your court one says
that that's corrupted things once the
medical expert says surgery head your
surgeon and come down
it's all that's propagating it's on
public I try to publish corrupted data
how will that help interview published
the next enemy there every time to
publish data that you know in from
director
that's crap it cannot look into Barry's
vertical you see this little flap you
know but we provide here and then here
you see all this mass and carnage damage
to top of them really really egregious
so but along here
I think is that Kennedy is Americans
tilt down man
difficult proxy records shows you got a
ruler here and it looks like this maybe
you lining up with a bullet wound
actually comes in if you look at the
whole here it's clearly getting shot in
the bathroom official autopsy
these other preparation for that which
is this video is jacket and assure all
damage these bags no movement back back
in order all the stuff looks like but
official autopsy photos put a whole
piece of estoppel is missing
the space with his face would be sucked
in his eyes I will be suckered in
nobody's reports 2015 Kennedy shown is
going to hospital services and enemies a
just egregiously project but most in
here they set particulates in the front
end so whether or what a their grow or
less for achievements the front end that
has some important good but none of this
blue but the key thing is compare what
Rebecca said and the shot that hits them
into the past
alright now we're going to Singapore
here when bullet comes in is back and
gross bodies buried here to hit slowly
over the long professional autopsy show
contusion to the lung addition Dallas
doctors had trouble maintaining cater to
the respiratory system because when they
harvest rib cage will lose luminaire and
was on the right side we're trying a
hole in here expire but we don't use
damaged a lot of comparisons because it
is his long side I would any bugs got to
get from block to women-owned why that
could happen in the soft tissue you read
as weapons at my ball this bull is
between two thousand feet per second
almost twice as yourself is definitely
about 11 grams per CC bones about two
grand precedes the tissues 1 grammars
you look at a very soft tissue
deflecting a hard military man 22,000
feet per second as we did by our
category condition and how do we have
faculty whether this theory requires and
if they even get this it's still gonna
work and it clips his chin to someone
so in this nonsense we're out of rumors
II took geometry but another two points
form a line thank you sir in fact the
Gruben how much is Australian IRA life
are destined to done I do afraid an
interview safety bring the sizes because
this information because even though the
bullet absolutely two daughters
softly for that happened again in the
economy in the car keys it's the
vertical bathroom thought that makes is
ridiculous intercultural and the first
thing you saw in their video was right
through is back became a necessity
clearly see on the video but guess what
they never show you where you know they
deliberately Roche because guess whether
they'd only tell you that so that's this
mention of being dishonest to the
petroleum trapeze recreation you can see
in the video and they don't they
important that's a key point because
they believe that a preacher
discouraging okay so this model does in
the world now I'm going to extreme I'm
asked to come in that horizontal off
against as you can involve a from the
tissue and they make another extreme I
have reflection there's a good show that
would involve deadly acquire a figure on
issue hundreds abilities we do with high
precision and the mortgage companies
mean that one Sarah SEMS is eligible a
question on what kind of interest
avoidance of a body and criminality
background context with this model
requires the entire name is a question
brave I never happens out of your life
the check out if that got back then it's
here does another bath back and come
back so this is just blog difference and
less changes bones are made of computed
uranium or use the bionic man this
scenario Jenna
oh god I
the second thing that nails as to your
reaction times but economy and mr.
Thomas advocating out reciprocals what
our International times well if you drop
some the ff-friend - ladies men depart I
could read and hold the roller in your
hands and drop them to finish your
things now I'm dropping this on the
catching but you don't know what is in
the drop so that's example to do next
I'm surprised you can drop they catch
and that real kind of epi it is dropped
which corresponds to two hundred
millisecond actually reaction but
Kennedy now from Africa inside his arms
questioning decide for go pros at all
because it would have medicalization
former grievers this this is a guy
question who started these question his
throat because got hit and back
he's already welcome to his reaction but
Kaka I'm sitting here pristine not happy
in the client he's not through hey then
he said in a next frame I believe is
telepathic table so people forensic
analysis Allison when he was shot rockin
enjoyed a shot good shot at least two
regulars benefit before that bullet is
found in two thousand feet per second
for a million seconds it's for the
pre-interview downrange that bullets way
down raising the second attempt so the
bottom line is that the dissonant K
always 3b blood for examination again
won't out typically from the timing and
the three international times it's as
simple as going to the studio
yep because none of the evidence lies
unsustainable here we can absolutely go
out suitable areas example another
marvelous they're shot down by a brutal
animal attacks
right so because of those nonsense that
Wyatt lets you look here there's no
multiple shooting yoga that name that's
very important people record is my book
impatient change has work conditions and
however some but his book is not mileage
every day it's beyond because every one
of these things than showings of
knockout punch the government person
every single one is yet a series will
not get punches from an occupier this
was the house did because there's so
much confusion and spirit-filled hair on
national television the largest open up
the study of assassination equally
Martin Luther King and Bobby Kennedy and
JFK and so they actually think about
recording became Hawaii and they look at
the impulses one there and they census
of relax perfumers of certain assets the
main equation actors Ian's movers they
haven't really had either of these
inventions and then second group
corroborate that and the university
group and they authorize live-fire test
and doing plasma where they actually had
people are the sandbags and grassy knoll
in from school in Provost or II
shouldn't mind you out the microphones
or own privacy will catch up this
example the crucible waveform very
different Peaks in here because that
reverberations echoed this were a way
forward for an experiment and a bob
prove an explosion and in measure
pressure wave because if you see women
series of pressure waves there it looks
exactly like an aqua depression wave
system looks like and they were able to
match up these platforms went for
live-fire test but they have some very
agreement that they can extrude repair
shop in grass all
well how so creative shop and restaurant
I talking to your honor blankly in a
blanket in convinced that the cheerful
aggression all fire shop two lines open
with savings of perfect peace romantic
but in a nest
I've been on those doing a bit of the
rational looking down there voids are
China complicated
participant he's convinced about this
and because of that didn't I'm a data
problem and they couldn't get his math
make your sink if you sink that shot up
be free throw
you can an extraordinary with NASA the
other side this shot comes into a ten
Nestle Kennedy bridge from sign this
shot button the globe running along the
motorcade interviewed this girl as she
stops you consider when she stops and
why he stopped she said I already shot
that's why I stopped so you can extrude
early good natural always hit whether
this won't happen by accident Alice
America the data points mess up if they
just think the critical shot efficient
so they did something stupid again some
say like let's face or a model with a
corrupted data help done with that all
right the guy said surgery that doesn't
surgeon down tapas it is corrupted they
should bubble that the mat heavily other
thing will move the did yet it did where
which is simply propitiate overshot the
back there whatever the reference move
that data up there we'll get something
was like this to those same stupid
things that lead workers you did but the
one group indicated the statistical data
and they conclude there is an extra copy
where's the waffle shops at least work
on school only community groups
assessment well web the heads-up from I
look at this file we will of dollars in
cash injection where requires me I'm
going to back then and comes outside so
that means you jobs being an l-shaped
set again you got soft tissue the brain
read eclectic redirecting a military
hardened bullet travel 2,000 T's not
going to add and then de jet for this is
what I've not said that by a bedroom
most of the Jets were up here that is a
very small brother momentum in this
direction and so the more verses that
unless injecting supersonic transition
will create okay
major seventh or goofy my eyes being
built into jet supersonically that's not
the key here so the religious collar
workers have come to the other side
given private and then you have another
problem
Ottawa can't be teleporting back and
forth with your planet Earth that I've
got no problem there it's bottom line is
your sacrum then comes up I just can't
hack question and live-fire test on a
target research lab guys fired up not to
evade firing shot it's kinda nice on
every time of the ever lose anything
so the okay I wanted to miss you was did
you who as you said that the short
ounces accurate so you got practice in
the front how's it going to come here
programmers to the front set an
accidental Pasadena house and writers
that way in expense now I can take this
up is going I'm putting event planners
head I can redirect every boy another
private Joseph
if your model so bad that you can't take
an external it's beyond you and the
other product it doesn't agree is
experiment and if your theory company
community experiment it's wrong and then
we thought about how sparked that we're
at my degrees in after our last year's
they are if your experience your theory
adjusting your experience is well final
fatal to have a chakra volunteerism
question on ingenious line could you go
back there seems to be a street coming
out of about 80 degrees or so yeah I
just talked about that you honey I feel
offended that is probably throwing on
one
what happens is coming in every day so
you got an incompressible fluid resist
blood which is also under systolic
pressure and it's going to strike the
pressure off it's also going to give you
an applet
so once the pressure spikes compression
diastolic pressure
where's the incompressible fluid going
to go then come back down to the hour
look at these young Vancouver so we
shoot the asteroid and rinse the earth
all sort of particulars just come back
applicator lips they come back out and
get a lot of ejecta coming back you see
it all so I'm starting in filter on the
pleasant incompressible fluid if you get
a hole come back out and you put it
under pressure so this Monica that's
also this was the interrogation behind
your some of your to discuss that
thought comes in trouble is depending on
the supervised from a indisputable and
consists of a wooden block room string
or a bar or some type of suspension and
bullet comes in from an instant velocity
will be and will not very big mental
injuries and it lodges inside the lock
open in fact that block must conserve
movement so now the Walker began has to
recall with Big D in this direction but
it turns out because the conservation
momentum it walking moving very very
fast now a big thing is they move very
slowly because the end piece this guy's
stationary to start with this guy's
moving its bow on the side and then
discussed are moving the B must be small
to compensate in fact it's very math and
when it goes up here you can use a
little portal I showed you before
morning MC squared you can NGH for wood
and Mackay optical a through the Big D
and then use conservation and little a
little
little applet again maybe and you get
example for building which gives you the
addition for this is a simple principle
physics called confirmation but lies in
here and energy loss pushing things
around them to keep or kinds of offers
that men must be concerned this is what
happens to Kennedy in 313 you can see
zoom Jenna met with incident here prior
to that Kennedy's head was slightly
forward okay I don't waivers every shot
from behind was the screws own doctor
National Archives Coburn over the driver
stopped the car dead in road just
important Department drive Romanian
accelerated because we'll be back
they threaten break stops garden detects
loads that you turned around each other
pointed and so it reflects your good
because I would simply do the basic
equation of ellipse Kennedy is witless
and when the wind stops he just goes for
smile is a very slight proven by the
next play this for TVs movie backwards
me again it's a human reactions which
that happens can't do that because there
is nothing to look like that's right and
take a couple hard moment but it's
probably most likely to do that try and
doing that their baby says you can't do
that taste with people's heads up is a
monthly staff prayer dad or your truck
nearly to rule that but if you recall
just like they divorced attention to
same thing peace interrupted in his body
suspended Buddhist now the word
Christmas book was grabbed and wrong
that's the sweet problem the text to the
ropes is putting the screen tennis back
behind her supporting his head against
crackdown
that I'm you to the worker which
describe the individual swing the bullet
companies women and even that test I
would say all right so what bullets
could possibly have done to sell to
close the one is rejected any prospect
we have one that protectors of Cosby
Ronnie's the second clue is that parish
oxidants and live-fire test with a
large-caliber weapon for thirty thirty
and the roundest punches straight
through tens it is precious
that's probably happen Jackie Bronco
hidden
so they rolled out distilled regrets
called a status in user application with
the recklessly the small caliber round
removes their very best and the fastest
first apartment you can buy that time
goes into twenty Swift and net once they
took you main round about four thousand
feet per second so Brian to the computed
that idea to be killing here
come on yard get spectacular one shot
killed I thought when Smith and he said
this was the favored assassination
recommended and you can see why we go
ahead to go ahead
the bullet will remain in his head this
is a brand new around this one can Sarah
wept old that you asked me that because
the right side that has got damaging it
gravity are damaged it's a Frenchman to
surroundings on how far will impact
rutila grams of a conference and jacket
and that also is consistent with
descriptions of extra and not the tissue
actuators multiple descriptions of the
x-ray tourism document you said the
power plant stories enticement
characteristic brand around the that
leverages 25 sites head and you hit that
kind of last is the safety of athletes
in the
and cooking them start pushing things
around and you have revolvers massive
internal that is in science and
terrifying but that cannot be conserved
so remember to twist with I worked out
the supply three 170 kilograms per meter
per second which era use the synthesis
lovely use this is a unit of momentum
momentum of the head equal look at how
fast his head's going back about 3.5 so
you've got a vertical agreement there
who know mental Westerners who moves
back for fragments I took an account of
big fragmented thrown out of there
the PI bond distance imperative an
agreement has got enough momentum to do
the job I think it is giving you pretty
much resolution the second issue of the
term early momentum is a vector which
means not to have a magnitude you got
the 90 degree grew relevant to transfer
we have to live in the direction and if
you look in the direction of dedicated
Henry Poole backwards that completely
plug and twitch that back out that's
going to be the measurement protocol not
only we have to match back to the match
the direction when you match the
direction up but is coming up a foot
higher pig where they are big events
that's exactly where the Health Select
Committee concluded the aquifers the
risk now we have that has better
national not only the day max could you
match afraid my brings me to that secret
right now but they also have still
deceiver how dirty they put through
microphone microphone massive speed of
the motor chain that's very hard to do
it 11 house after Melissa's not happened
they drink they were correct records you
can authorize the lineup and the right
word matching the speed in the book and
addition to that you met to all the
shots of those were thrown the odds of
that happened
tsunamis that and people try to Chris a
little it's not statistic without this
like winning a lottery twice - nice -
rubbers on there's knives that happened
that way that is very solid and you can
buy them that's a completely different
technique that's we're talking about
immunity juice local independent
instrument or records get the answer so
we've got the acoustic records which
resulted without it and the supernal
resume discussed the second why designs
of green hi tell whether your copiers in
science especially high scans
detonations is accepted and distorting
its impacts there's a high-speed camera
then you still to a really progressive
per second to fast dude and whether the
still records used college maybe kinda
now thousands you got here with no
record enemies forever and by the same
answer forget that locations this driver
mission impossible what the odds is were
mostly different exact same answer the
same spot that was graphic attention
absolutely well that completes the
program that we started at the beginning
to find agreement between multiple
independent instrument of records the
best food on this is how to person
scientifically and demand the shopping
result would one shooter sister Bianca
and I actually did some work with
hunters up and you produce a woman thing
and get the higher the recent versions
the big resolution version of Wikipedia
you can actually pull a face that in
there and have port your honors legend
citizen and see things with the face and
then just for finally we try to match up
loosing sorry and there's a map between
those machines and starting to compute
if you're a sorted then this is negative
but the point is the exact same spot
that basis coming out of the same spot
don't you get from all the other stuff
so true it's an abusive basement near
your eyes terminating the science I
don't think you put it on but I don't
put this in the book I'm sorry
certain eyes just for fun that I think
this is a real person
exact spot moment destiny shoppers party
packages in annual our first question
coming shot to the side the buyer know
he's hard at least one interaction I
could fire the shot that hit him in the
intro defense conference allows us in
heard two shots who retinol question
people thing in the car behind can
environment in fact community shots that
second shot and throat protect them the
proper concurrence um we're all kids
sort of everything do these kids without
the moment that what the current girl
offers a huge congressman the other end
down said yeah altered okay well David
rodas story in the book on brutally
argues they just wasn't enough time
between the times of purpose at the
state the night before and that's
working rejected you have several hours
we have to get in there and stealing
this fight California watch did make
alterations with a bit knowledgeable
they all over time the Evergreen or back
you know iceberg the government I know
the government can make a distinction of
what the author is three requests
episode of the day for each protocol all
three coming here to do that that makes
no sense that could happen then it got
the white magazines we're not going to
all sorts of agendize the revenue
streams but it allows you to think then
I guess the news times of Iowa has
influenced my work the distance says
it's in-camera wisdom if you want to
against a theory you're gonna have to
hold upon measurer dome up see if you
can for him
can't you that give up historical record
this rule is no not in Canada stops turn
in history has the lottery sacred and I
read him absolutely but it's gotten
completely wrong viewpoint are issues
Integra with and the student and I think
of these national tracks and the fact
that our government and our next video
or either scientifically refold or total
liars
neither one is which is good I think I
proved this and people read this book
resistance change their view one campus
well thank you and yes maybe what we'll
do is combine sherry and call and a new
question manager a Karissa's is that
that map of unless you want to start a
little bit later you want to answer
questions with questions and then of
course world world heyo
great presentation on what he owns labor
in his shop original Oh what is your
personal opinion on the total number of
shots and the second thing of them it's
gone through security I need to have all
five shots different vertical you can
see all the shots on here but the House
Committee saw five wave we're pretty
confident like as much as nine took a
lot of shots you know I think at least
three ship is shooting the guy they
could go online did just easily so the
intercept every it's hard to say but I
think there's at least four five good
for Bob maybe nine or ten okay that
could be done next
did you measure the backward velocity in
the campaign rather yeah yeah I did it
it comes out to really didn't half
inches within within 10 frames or
something so I measured that world into
a lot gives a very very degree sequences
and then you look at the sort of a film
down the it has those backwards and
correspond to the left
get back now what not available to
receptivity and relax them what the both
of business degrees mop would have now
there are about ten people or some of it
that says when the big games over bring
stop it does net without us abilities
doing the time cause we've got the
National Archives the certificate all
said mountain gorilla possibility I
looked at Oprah Morgan kept low to high
speed full fevers and that they stopped
dead I mean it stops and wonder stuff
for a second or two second time slows
down I've noticed personal spirit
hearing some very moving situation
glasses would have been time slows down
in your mind but I wanted I look at the
supporters now look at it like YouTube
go down ashore guys you look at take
their version and look at that and that
thing comes and stop until you've done
that
I might actually which song well I'm so
good after national archives take a look
at take of the period I want you to have
to go in to watch the original go travel
to make me act on that but you're not
saying you're not watching to please
come in doesn't stop what is it do
what's going very dramatically that
without 30%
I want the bacon like that all my name
is Jim Spencer that my questions my
recent supportive shop the grass of the
Lord if I look at earlier is posture
clear in the motorcade I said she really
is been spending over at certain angles
I still have trouble answering equals
that might argue that could there be a
low angle shot from the Delta X building
that could entry into the back you know
it's still impressive then you have have
a woman's ass back there is no evidence
or decimal no well why shouldn't you say
if you would bring in a low angle shot
from metal that can be some really copy
of deviance it's going down every story
rather than angle my dad will never up
there so now you have to get underneath
though and you have to probably come up
through the limousine to make that shot
would understand going to this one has
to be imagine a bullet of your little
shop magical what your fun impossible if
that's what I don't lose when they
violate the law of physics absolutely
Kenneth hey Sara I know that you believe
the winter kennedy is bringing his arm
and been shot in the upper back correct
or when he shot him in the throat like
many people think he shot in the back
very girl because no Kellerman said shot
back to your unit ASAP it hit would be
impossible if he were had shot in front
- that little went through spread we're
rushing to swing back you to the feds my
Cottontail so that is proved in just one
moment
Emerson stocks please go to the
concierge you need to get help
people that I think mistress is in
Parliament to go back to the picture of
Kennedy's fantastic can you get out of
that's possible to the trick excellent
right there if you look on the picture
to the left right the salon to trade on
Kennedy's right side of your left side
come table for one there's a puncture
wound in the right here no one has ever
addressed that now this is this was in
the days before you did catheterization
Zug eternal chapter in subclavian's the
air guide here what that is I don't know
it could be anything egg and good like
it said could be involved with is
conceding God's eyes on her the doctors
in terms of trade a long time and they
did nothing to the net that would result
in that area in order to silence bulk
here and the numbers above beyond about
that functional one right there it
actually has a halo around did you see
that one with guns on let's go to
something around productivity boy I
think it's an interesting plan and not
many people come
[Applause]
of course with the shad from the
greatest as you as you questioner would
you expect damage to the one side of the
head it was intended what kind of round
use odd-eyes be here and share your
interest is next other high-speed rounds
will penetrate this is a french
designing to come apart it next impact
cyril wet hold the initial committee
remember saying this - man is consistent
with crazily round president this was in
1977 he told them that he still didn't
believe in versus the other guys are so
doubling exact timing sake drive there's
no evidence for that one anywhere except
with some not recall surveys are about
that next round you can grow our life
one more question from a typical surgeon
you have any theories on how a small
door fragment kinda college size or any
other hearing about a constant radius
bone fracture and fracture of the tubes
and silence when the allies at my chest
they'd set Amaka means each of these
things that America mock Tommy grits
bullet went to the Kennedy gun and
starts a tumble and tumbled in and
Connally shatters two Reds because
tumbling at that point but they also
penetrate the rest so they did a risk
macabre boning and ballistic gel and
that's all so it's not so much energy
going to Kennedy this is a test in the
white Bishop ey Shah Mardan attested
should get depended of shooting your son
don't shoot two together she was
intending to make extrapolation we're
for you Richard
they did two tests and imbalances all
and instead of saying that I wouldn't
mash it up
said well what's home rings those
averages he'll have this rejection start
a couple right and that's the whole
point is when it's time when it come to
the creates this room you're one is back
to look at home the word so they've got
all that one and then they fall at the
end and try to give up some nonsense
we can't have two again exam is normal
rhythm
so that's proof if it happy a shot that
hits indirectly ice or other energy to
do that because of Jennifers it does
having Energy's numerous food so where's
it come from what if the second shot is
hidden in the family he's not if I
disable identities in my yeah we're
where we gonna I'm good question there
are some doctors who have made
measurements and think the company was
actually on the right side of the school
posture not in the Cypress neck but on
the other side and with what the
existing that he leads with God to scale
roughly would haven't care that you are
all went up there but some entire
applications we just need to come back
there's a lot easier and what Franklin
did that happen at I again issue is I he
believes in sit around two thirty two
thirty two and that's a really good at
nationally this acoustic that's my
colleagues thank you sir
and he reacts about two thirty five
degrees up guess what that's the two
hundred millisecond reaction I call the
previa to anyhow we've got a few folks
[Applause]
today just the public hold we're trying
to do here
save your questions